APHS DAILY ANNOUNCEMENTS


THURSDAY FEBRUARY 11 2022

FRENCH CLUB - Looking to sharpen your french skills? Need help with homework? Curious about DELF? Join French Club! We meet every Monday right after school in the library. Join our google classroom with the code: 3l5y4sk. Everyone is welcome at anytime!

IMPROV CLUB - Here ye here ye! There will be an improv meeting in the theatre Friday at 3pm




WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 9 2022

ROSEGRAMS - Student Council's latest fundraiser is Rosegrams! Roses will be on sale in the Eagle's Nest at lunchtime all week. They are $5 each and will be delivered on Valentine's Day. Share the love Abbey Park!

EAGLE INK - If you're interested in writing, editing, designing or more for our school magazine, Eagle Ink will be having an introductory meeting for new members on Friday, February 11th at 3PM in the library. See you there!


TUESDAY FEBRUARY 8 2022

MATH CONTESTS - The FGH and Euclid Math contests are coming up!   If you are in grade 12, and plan to write the Euclid, please make sure you have joined the Math Society's google classroom (code: qvwylm5).

All registration information will be shared there on Monday, February 7th. Space is limited so make sure you join the google classroom today!

IMPORTANT REMINDER - This is a friendly reminder to all students who stay for lunch to please dispose of all your garbage and return chairs back to the way that you found them. Classes resume after lunch and no one should have to pick up YOUR garbage in order to start class.


MONDAY FEBRUARY 7 2022

LIBRARY LEARNING COMMONS CONNECTIONS - Are you interested in earning volunteer hours, raising school spirit and promoting special events and contests? Maybe you're the creative type whose game for designing displays, podcasts, trailers or reviews? If any of this sounds like it might be fun, then you should come out to the FIRST EVER Library Learning Commons Connection meeting in our library after school, this Tuesday February 8th at 3 PM to learn more. Join the LLCC and make a difference at Abbey Park!

CHESS CLUB is back in person! If you want to play chess, we will meet Monday's from 2:50-4pm, and Wednesday's for the first 45 minutes of lunch. Drop in and play!


APHSCONNECT  is hosting 2 virtual sessions by HDSB psychologist about how to improve executive functioning to be successful in school this Thursday, Feb 10th, and next Thursday, Feb 17th. Join the google classroom for more information, code nnjhogg. Go to our instagram for more @aphsconnect

YEARBOOK CLUB will be meeting today at lunch in room 113. New members are welcome! Hope to see you there.

THURSDAY DECEMBER 16 2021 

JR. GIRLS VOLLEYBALL - A huge congratulations goes out to all the members of the junior girls volleyball team who go into the Christmas Break with a perfect 5 and 0 record after beating Iroquois Ridge last night. Ms. Holmberg is so proud of the way everyone has come together and work as a team. Well done!! Go Eagles!!

STUDENT COUNCIL PJ DAY - Are you tired of going to school? Feel like sleeping in? In celebration of the upcoming winter break, wear your pajamas to school tomorrow, no judgement!

SKI / SNOWBOARD TEAM - Please go to portable 4 at the beginning of lunch to pick up your hoodies.


WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 15 2021

IMPORTANT INFORMATION - To the best of our knowledge, schools will reopen on January 3, 2022 as planned. However, as we do at every school break to ensure we are prepared for situations where students don’t pass the COVID-19 School Screening tool students are reminded of the following:

Please take home all essential personal items and learning materials on Friday. This should include all resources including binders, art kits, personal or school assigned laptops, chromebooks or iPADs

Thank you everyone. We hope you have a wonderful holiday break!


SKI / SNOWBOARD TEAM . There will be a mandatory meeting today in Portable 4 at 11;00AM sharpe.

LOCKERS - If you are using a locker, please remember to remove any garbage and take home any stinky gym clothes for a wash, before you leave for the Holiday Break. Everyone will thank you.

SCHOOL CLEAN UP - Hey Eagles! - Come join us for a much needed clean up around the school area immediately after school on Friday! No supplies needed, meet us at the front door: all help is appreciated!

TUESDAY DECEMBER 14 2021

MOVIE DAY - Hey Eagles! Come down to the theatre today at lunch to watch a christmas classic, home alone. There will also be food available for $2. A reminder that tomorrow is also grade level day, where each grade will wear a different colour. For grade 12s, the colour is black, for grade 11s its grey, for grade 10s its green and for grade 9s its red. Come out and show some school spirit!

IMPROV CLUB - Here ye here ye improv club will not be meeting this week. Happy holidays!

CHRISTMAS FEAST - Don't forget tomorrow is our Christmas celebration lunch in the cafeteria - no need to order just come on down for a delicious turkey lunch $7.99

MATH LEAGUE CONTEST -  today at 3:00 PM in Portable 10

MONDAY DECEMBER 13 2021 

CHARITY CHESS TOURNAMENT - for Kerr Street Mission starts today at lunch in room 211! If you want to play, show up at the start of lunch in room 211 with your $2! More details are on our google classroom code- 3d6goxq

STUDENT COUNCIL - will be hosting snowflake making in the foyer today at lunch! Come on down to show your school spirit! A reminder that today is also the LAST day to buy candy grams for $1 each. They will be on sale in the eagles nest at lunch.

DANCE TEAM  will have practice after school in the theatre. See you there!


FRIDAY DECEMBER 10 2021


HEALTH & WELLNESS SHSM - Are you in a career in health care? Are you planning to become a paramedic, midwife, doctor or nurse?  Come to Portable 12 at 11:30 on Wednesday, Dec. 15 for an information session about the SHSM Health and Wellness program at TA Blakelock High School. Start exploring your path into grade 11 and beyond.



YEARBOOK - Hey eagles! We need your help in creating this year's yearbook cover. Whether you're a digital or traditional artist, this is your chance to have your art seen. Deadline to submit your cover is January 5th.
Full details here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/17-Uzr2KHtzfupmJ3f7i3xeqv2W2JkO6wUq-WEzjmQQM/edit?usp=sharing

CHARITY CHESS TOURNAMENT- There will be a charity chess tournament happening all next week. The cost to play is $2 with all money going to the Kerr Street Mission. If you want to play, please join the google classroom (code 3d6goxq) and bring your $2 on Monday to room 211 at 10:55am! Games will be played at lunch in room 211.


THURSDAY DECEMBER 9 2021

Thank you to all the interested parties who inquired about the position. An accompanist for the Vocal Ensemble has been found. Congratulations Kevin Fan!


WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 8 2021 

CHRISTMAS FEAST -  coming soon - Wednesday December 15th come down to the cafeteria for a delicious home made turkey lunch with all the trimmings for $7.99

MATH LEAGUE - December 14th at 3:00 PM Math League Contest in Portable 10.

THEATRE - The theatre will be closed for lunch this Thursday and Friday for private events.

CHESS CLUB - time change- chess club now meets at the start of lunch for the first 40 minutes. See you in room 211 Wednesday's at lunch and Monday's after school.


TUESDAY DECEMBER 7 2021 

You getting annoyed that ‘All I want for Christmas is you’ is constantly playing? Come down to the Eagles nest at lunch and donate some money. Once we reach our goal of $1206 the song will stop. Every donation helps.

DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS - Roll a Natural 20 to join our club! Dungeons and Dragons club starts Tuesday at lunch, until 12:00. Come to Room 107, or as you may know it, the Hub, to punch some dragons in the face and play some DND!

SR. BOYS BASKETBALL - Congratulations to the senior boys basketball team last night for their victory against Frank Hayden! Special shoutout to Stefan V, who led in scoring with 18 points. We're very proud of you.

MONDAY DECEMBER 6 2021 


HUMAN RIGHTS SYMPOSIUM - What does your identity mean to you? Have you ever reflected on this important question? Well, HDSB is hosting the 2021 Human Rights Symposium with the theme: Identity and Human Rights. Students and staff are invited to view the Human Rights Symposium and hear keynote speakers Janice Makokis and Spencer West.on ​Thursday, Dec. 9 (1 - 2 p.m.) and Friday, Dec. 10, 2021 (9:30 - 11 a.m).

We at Abbey Park are engaging in a pre-symposium whole school activity on sharing what our identities mean to us and how our many selves can sometimes confer advantages and disadvantages on us. Look out for discussion jamboards in your classes and physical boards around the school for opportunities to share what your identity means to you..


FRIDAY DECEMBER 3 2021 

IMPROV CLUB - Here ye here ye improv will meet today after school today at 3

PIANIST NEEDED - If you are proficient in playing the piano (Grade 8 RCM) and would like to accumulate some volunteer hours, the Vocal Ensemble is looking for an accompanist. We rehearse Wednesdays from 3-5 in the Music Room. You would be expected to attend rehearsals and also play for any concerts/music events that the ensemble would sing at. Please see Mrs. McGhee if you are interested.

EAGLITE MUSIC - Hey Eagles, we’re looking to broaden our horizons on music appreciation at Abbey Park. If you have a song that’s from another culture, which respectfully celebrates diversity or simply means something to you, please share your suggestions at the Egalite suggestion boxes, which are located in the foyer and library.

STUDENT COUNCIL HOLIDAY CHEER - Hey eagles! Student council is excited to be running “10 days of holiday cheer,” spanning from December 6th to December 17th. Fun holiday fundraising activities and spirit days will be happening everyday throughout both weeks, and all proceeds will go to Distress Centre Halton. Stay tuned for more info and follow us on Instagram @aphs.studco!

As day 1 of the 10 days of holiday cheer, students are encouraged to bring anything but a backpack on monday, december 6th! We hope to see some creative ideas!

APHS BELIEVE LEADERSHIP - The APHS Believe Leadership Course meets today as usual in Room 208 at 3! See you then!

THURSDAY DECEMBER 2 2021


MEDLIFE - This Friday, December 3rd, 2021 from 4:30-5:30 PM, McMaster MEDLIFE will host a virtual mentorship event about the application process for the Faculty of Science and Health Sciences, MEDLIFE in university and practical advice regarding university life.    If you are not in Medlife and are interested, please fill out the form found on the Instagram page @medlife_aphs before Friday to receive the meeting link.

WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 1 2021

EAGLE INK SPIRITWEAR -  is now available for purchase! If you are interested, please check our Google Classroom for more information, and place your orders!

CHESS CLUB meets today at the start of lunch for the first 40 minutes in room 211- see you there

ART CLUB meets today in the art room (106). Art club today. See you there!


TUESDAY NOVEMBER 30 2021 

LINK CREW - Attention Link Crew! We have a meeting this Friday December 3 at 7:30am in the theatre. Please bring a toonie to donate to a good cause. See you there!


MONDAY NOVEMBER 29 2021

NIGHT SCHOOL - Semester 2 Night School registration is now open. Courses being offered are only Grade 11 and 12 levels. To register, log into your myBlueprint account and click on Continuing Education. Registration closes on February 10th at 4:00 pm.

BADMINTON CLUB - Are you interested in playing badminton? Then this message is for you. There will be a short information meeting on Friday, December the 10th in room 202 at the beginning of lunch. Reminder that this is only a drop in recreational club and not a team. Join our google classroom with the code wqvauq5 for more updates. Anyone interested is recommended to attend this information session so we can further plan the dates and times.

ABBEY PARK DANCE TEAM  will have practice after school in the theatre, see you there!


THURSDAY NOVEMBER 25 2021

WWF Button Sales - Buttoning Up for Climate Change has come to an end! In total, over $130 were raised for WWF from button sales. Thank you so much to everyone who donated or participated in the event!

VOCAL ENSEMBLE - Looking for an accompanist. The Vocal Ensemble needs an accompanist. If you are interested in applying, please see Mrs. McGhee in the theatre or the arts office.


WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 24 2021 

Young Women in Leadership - Next Tuesday November 30th help raise awareness for women's abuse prevention month by wearing red. Everyone is welcome to join young women in leadership that morning at 7:30 am in the library for a discussion on gender-based violence!

TUESDAY NOVEMBER 23 2021

MEMORY BOOKS are in  - the 2020 - 2021 Abbey Park School Memory books are here - If you ordered a memory book - please come down to the main office to collect your copy.


MONDAY NOVEMBER 22 2021

EAGLE INK  is offering spiritwear for purchase! All those interested, please fill out the forms on our Google Classroom as soon as possible.

STUDENT COUNCIL -  is excited to be continuing the origami animal event in the foyer today so come down at lunch to add an origami animal to the collaborative sculpture or purchase a button to proudly display. A reminder that all proceeds from button sales will go to WWF to help fight climate change!

VOCAL ENSEMBLE - For anyone interested in singing with the Abbey Park Vocal Ensemble, auditions will take place this Wednesday after school in the Music Room. Please come prepared with a song. Auditions will be first come, first served-no appointment needed.

DANCE TEAM will have practice after school in the theatre, see you there!

CURLING - Would all APHS curlers please come to the woodshop, for a mandatory meeting, at the beginning of lunch.


FRIDAY NOVEMBER 19 2021

CURLING - For all students wanting to play curling this year, please come and pick up a permission form today at the beginning of lunch, in the woodshop.

EAGLE INK - will be having a meeting today at 3:00 PM in Room 104 for all Photography and Art members. To all members, please ensure you get any outstanding work handed in ASAP. See you there!


THURSDAY NOVEMBER 18 2021

FRENCH CLUB -  is held Mondays at lunch in room 205! Everyone is welcome no matter their french speaking ability. Join us every week for some fun games and activities and make sure to bring a friend! Visit our google classroom (Code: 3l5y4sk) to learn more.

VOCAL ENSEMBLE - Abbey Park's Vocal Ensemble is coming back! There will be a short information meeting in the Music Room after school on Friday Nov. 19. Rehearsals will take place on Wednesdays after school in the Music Room. Come to the meeting or contact Mrs. McGhee for audition information.

IMPROV CLUB - Here ye here ye there will be an improv meeting after school Friday in the theatre.


WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 17 2021

ART CLUB - Art Club! A place to hang out and work on your own art OR participate in some group led activities. We're casual and fun. See you today in the art room! Art Club!!


TUESDAY NOVEMBER 16 2021

SKI / SNOWBOARD TEAM - Today Ski & Snowboard practice right after school portable 4

STRING ENSEMBLE - Attention all members of the String Ensemble: This is just a reminder of the rehearsal tomorrow at 7am. Please be on time.

TEDx - Hey Eagles! Have you ever wanted to give a TED talk? TEDxYouth@AbbeyParkHS is your chance to do exactly that. If you or anyone you know is interested in speaking at the event, applications are open now, until November 30th. Or, If you’re interested in helping out with organizing the event, we will have a short meeting this Thursday after school in room 201.


MONDAY NOVEMBER 15 2021

YEARBOOK CLUB  is meeting today at lunch in room 113. If you're interested in graphic design, photography, or just giving back to the school, please stop by and join the club. Hope to see you there.

SENIOR GIRLS FIELD HOCKEY The senior field hockey team defeated Assumption on Saturday to take home the Bronze medal at OFSAA.

CHESS CLUB meets after school today in room 211- if you are looking to play, stop by!

FRIDAY NOVEMBER 12 2021

APHS BELIEVE LEADERSHIP - There will be no APHS Believe Leadership meeting today! See you all next week!

THURSDAY NOVEMBER 11 2021

IMPROV CLUB - Here ye here ye unfortunately improv club will not be meeting this week

SENIOR GIRLS VOLLEYBALL - For those interested in trying out for the Senior Girls Volleyball team there will be an introductory meeting on Tuesday November 16 after school at 2:50 in room 107. If you cannot make it, please see Mr. Van Klooster or Ms. Lebid.

FLANNEL FRIDAY - Hey Eagles! Once again a reminder to wear your best flannel outfits tomorrow! Student Council will also be taking pictures at lunch of some of the best outfits!

WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 10 2021

DANCE TEAM - hey dancers, there will be a mandatory meeting for all dance team members in the foods room, on Thursday at 11 30, we'll see you all there!

EGALITE COUNCIL -  Are you interested in building equitable, inclusive and more positive spaces at Abbey Park, the Halton District School Board schools, and the community at large? If you answer yes to some or all of the above visions, then Egalite Council needs you!   Our regularly scheduled weekly meetings are virtually on wednesdays, at 3:15 pm. We look forward to seeing everyone with lots of new ideas on how to build a stronger Egalite Council.    
Both new and returning members are welcome. Remember to invite a friend to join us in our vision that Equity, inclusion, and social justice require ALL hands to be on deck. Each one bring one. See you on Wednesdays @3:15pm virtually using our class code uv2lzsn. Class code: uv2lzsn   Google Meet Link: https://meet.google.com/khe-bjrm-muc?authuser=0

SKI / SNOWBOARD TEAM - Attention Ski & Snowboard Team. There is a practice outside today. Meet at portable 4 at 11:00 with your forms if you haven't already handed them in. We will not be accepting anyone else on the team after this week. See ya on the slopes.

TUESDAY NOVEMBER 9 2021 

FLANNEL FRIDAY - Hey Eagles! Student Council is excited to announce the return of Flannel Friday! This Friday, November 12th, make sure to wear some flannel to school and show some spirit!

MEDLIFE EDUCATION COMMITTEE - This message is for all active members of MEDLIFE's Education Committee. We will be hosting a mandatory committee meeting on Wednesday at 11:10 AM in room 208. Future meetings will proceed on a weekly basis at the same time and location. That's weekly on Wednesday at 11:10 AM in room 208, unless otherwise indicated!

Please ensure that you are constantly checking your email for updates and that your weekly assignments are submitted by Tuesday at 11:59 PM through the Google Form titled MEDLIFE Assignment Dropbox and shared via email. Looking forward to seeing you soon!

SENIOR BOYS BASKETBALL -  Anyone interested in trying out for the senior boys basketball team this year, there will be a meeting on Tuesday Nov 9, which is today. The meeting time has been changed to 10:45, in room 215.

YEARBOOK CLUB -  will be meeting on Monday in room 113. If you like graphic design, photography, or simply want to contribute something special back to the school, this is the club for you. Contact Ms. Da Silva or Ms. Gigg if you have any questions. Hope to see you there.


MONDAY NOVEMBER 9 2021

MATH LEAGUE CONTEST November 09 at 3:00PM Math League Contest in Portable 10.

SENIOR BOYS BASKETBALL- Anyone interested in trying out for senior basketball this year, come to the meeting on Tuesday Nov 9, which is tomorrow, at 11:30 in room 215.

JUNIOR GIRLS VOLLEYBALL - Any grade 9 or 10 student interested in trying out for the junior girls volleyball team must go to the Google classroom and complete the Google Form and the medical form to be handed in to Ms. Holmberg in the phys-ed office. The medical form needs to be completed and signed by a parent or guardian before the athlete can try out for the team. The first tryout will be on Wednesday, November 10th from 3 - 4:30 pm.
Google Classroom code: 6zeba4q

SKI / SNOWBOARD TEAM - Attention all Ski & Snowboarders candidates. Our first training is today after school. You will need to bring your medical form and parent letter with signatures in order to work out. Please hand in to Mr. Harding We will be meeting outside of portable 4 at 3:00 pm.

CROSS COUNTRY - The Cross Country running season has concluded and this year's participants had an excellent season. Felicity Sparling represented the school at OFSAA this weekend at Lakefield College, achieving a personal best time and finishing in the top 40 in the Senior Girls division. Congratulations!

FRIDAY NOVEMBER 5 2021

IMPROV CLUB - Here ye here ye improv club is meeting in the theatre at Friday at 3

ANIME - Do you like anime? Do you want to know what school life in Japan is really like? Have you ever wanted to learn Japanese? Or maybe visit Japan?     Ms. Gardecky in the library is looking to put together a series of presentations on Japan and needs your input! Head on over to the library website (bit.ly/APHSLibrary) and fill out the questionnaire. You can also check out the library Instagram account, which is Library.APHS for more details.


SENIOR FIELD HOCKEY - The senior field hockey team beat St Mary’s 2-1 yesterday to claim the school’s first GHAC title in field hockey. The team will now play at OFSAA next week!

EAGLE INK - Reminder that all Writers, Layout Designers and Photography & Art team members of Eagle Ink have a meeting today at 3:00 PM in Room 104. Please take a look at our Instagram or website to find upcoming due dates. We'll see you there!


THURSDAY NOVEMBER 4 2021

REMEMBRANCE DAY - Every year, tens of millions of Canadians wear a Poppy as a visual pledge to honour Canada’s Veterans and remember those who sacrificed for the freedoms we enjoy today. Please consider supporting veterans and their families by wearing a poppy and making a donation. Poppy boxes are located in the Main Office and the Library.

SKI / SNOWBOARD MEETING - There will be a ski snowboard meeting Friday November 5th at the start of lunch in portable 4.


WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 3 2021

FLANNEL FRIDAY - Hey Eagles! Student Council is excited to announce the return of Flannel Friday! this Friday, November 5th, make sure to wear some flannel to school and show some spirit!

WE SCARE HUNGER - Congratulations to everyone who participated in this year's "We Scare Hunger" Food Drive! Hundreds of much-needed, nonperishable food items were collected and donated to the Food Bank. Special thanks to Ms. Gabura and our Link Crew for organizing this successful event!

SKI / SNOWBOARD TEAM - For all those interested in joining the ski/snowboard team this year there will be a meeting tomorrow (Nov 4th) in portable 4 at the start of lunch.


TUESDAY NOVEMBER 2 2021

ADVANCED STRINGS - Attention all members of the Advanced Strings: Reminder of the rehearsal Wed. at 7am.

CURLING - If you are interested in playing curling this winter please come to a meeting, at the beginning of lunch, this Thursday November 4th, in the woodshop.



MONDAY NOVEMBER 1 2021 

KRISPY KREME - The Eagle Ink Social Issues Committee is proud to hold their first fundraiser on Tuesday, November 9th at lunch by selling Krispy Kreme doughnuts. Each doughnut costs a dollar and a box of twelve costs ten dollars. Please bring exact change or pre-order on Cashless. Proceeds will be donated to the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health to fund groundbreaking mental health research.

DIPLOMAT’S SOCIETY - How many of you have heard of the American fiasco in Afghanistan, did you know that Canada sent troops there too? If you want to learn more about Afghanistan, foreign policy and the Taliban, join Diplomats' Society in room 203 on Tuesday after school.

CHESS CLUB is cancelled for today, see you Wednesday at lunch!


FRIDAY OCTOBER 29 2021 

LIBRARY ART CONTEST - Thank you to everyone who voted in the library art contest! The winners are ... Ryan Liu, Elaine Ge and Jayanth Iyer! Congratulations!

STUDENT SENATORS - Kusha Shirani and Vesa Barileva are both grade 11 students and have recently been chosen as the Abbey Park student senators. They engage in meetings with other senators and the trustees about equity, mental health, drug abuse, and much more. Do not hesitate to contact them personally via Instagram or email. They are here to listen to your concerns and ideas to improve Abbey Park! To learn more, click on student corner and then student senators on the APHS website.

EAGLE INK -  is having a meeting today at 3:00 PM in Room 104 for writers, layout designers, and photography and art team members! Please check our Instagram page or website for upcoming due dates. See you there!

SENIOR FIELD HOCKEY - The senior field hockey team scored twice in overtime to defeat Nelson 2-0 and claim the school’s first senior tier 1 field hockey championship. The team now moves on to GHAC to face notre dame on Tuesday to play for a spot at OFSAA.

THURSDAY OCTOBER 28 2021

CAREERS CLASS PATHWAY EXHIBITION - This Friday, October 29 Mr. Leggatt’s grade ten Careers class will be hosting a Pathways Exhibition, to learn more about student options for the future! Learn more information about SHSM, University, College, RMC, the Skilled Trades and the Military.

WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 27 2021

LIBRARY ART CONTEST - Today is the last day to vote for the winners of the Library art contest! For voting and details head over to the library or visit the library website (bit.ly/APHSLibrary). Winners of the contest will be announced on Friday!

SR. GIRLS FIELD HOCKEY - The senior field hockey team beat CK 3-1 in their semi final on Tuesday. The team will play for the Halton tier 1 title on Thursday at Bronte Field.

ENVIRONMENTAL CLUB -  meets every Thursday after school in room 213. This week we will be doing a litter cleanup around the school to keep our community clean.

OUAC PIN NUMBERS - This is an announcement for grade 12's applying to Ontario Universities in the Fall. Your OUAC PIN numbers have arrived. Please come to guidance to pick yours up.

MONDAY OCTOBER 25 2021

CHESS CLUB  after school today- check our google classroom to see if you have a match.

DIPLOMAT’S SOCIETY - To the guillotine, unforgivable crimes. I'm sure we've all heard horrible stories of death and abuse, disgusting tales that make you wonder if certain people deserve to live. This week's diplomats society meeting is on the death penalty. Join us in room 203 on Tuesday to debate over the morality of Capital Punishment.

IMPROV CLUB - Here ye here ye there will be an improv meeting in the theatre after school Friday at 3. Looking forward to seeing your costumes

ADVANCE STRINGS - Attention all advanced string players. This is just a reminder of our rehearsal tomorrow morning at 7am. Please be on time. See you there.

FRIDAY OCTOBER 22 2021 

CROSS COUNTRY - There will be a very brief but mandatory Cross Country meeting at the beginning of lunch in room 210 on Monday, October 25th. Please be there! Thank you.


THURSDAY OCTOBER 21 2021 

EGALITE - Are you interested in building equitable, inclusive and more positive spaces at Abbey Park, the Halton District School Board schools, and the community at large? If you answer yes to some or all of the above vision, then Egalite Council needs you!

Our regularly scheduled weekly meetings are on Wednesdays at 3:15pm virtually. We look forward to seeing everyone with lots of new ideas on how to build more positive spaces @Abbey Park.

Both new and returning members are welcome. Remember to invite a friend to join us in our vision that Equity, inclusion, and social justice require ALL hands to be on deck. Each one bring one. See you on today @315pm using
Class code: uv2lzsn to login

CONSTITUENCY YOUTH COUNCIL - Our local Member of Parliament is looking for students to join the Constituency Youth Council. By getting involved, you will learn about Canada's political process, develop leadership skills and become involved in your community. Please see the window outside of Guidance for more information.

SWIM TEAM -  Is Back!! If you're interested in being a part of the 2021/22 swim team, please come to an information meeting at the beginning of lunch on Tuesday, October 26th! We will meet in the main gym, near the weight room door - See you there!

GAMING CLUB -  is meeting today at lunch in room 225. Bring your own game or play what's there. New members are always welcome.

CLAY SCULPTURES - Did you make a clay sculpture last year in art? Come to the art room and pick it up. Clay sculptures ready for pick up after school in the art room!


WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 20 2021

LIBRARY ART CONTEST - The library needs you to vote for the winners of the library art contest! You can view the art on display in the library and vote on the library website (bit.ly/APHSLibrary)! Voting ends October 27th. Winners will be announced on Friday October 29th.

SPIRIT DAY Hey Abbey Park, this Friday, October 22 we are having a school spirit day! Wear your pyjamas to school and come down to the foyer for a raffle and a chance to win some awesome prizes. Hope to see you then!

ART CLUB - It's almost time for ART CLUB! Art club...Wednesdays at 3 in the Art Room! Bring your creativity to the Art Club!


TUESDAY OCTOBER 19 2021

STRINGS - Attention all advanced string players: This is a reminder of our rehearsal for tomorrow morning at 7am in the music room. Please be punctual. See you then.

MONDAY OCTOBER 28 2021

Menstrual Product Drive - This is your chance to take part in reducing period poverty around your community.
Hosted by Girl Up Oakville x Help A Girl Out
Date: October 18 - 27
Your donations can include tampons, pads, menstrual cups, cotton pads, and other menstrual products. We encourage you to use old shoe boxes, bags, or totes to gather these items for sustainability purposes.*
Your donations will be given to local Women's Shelters in need.
Please ensure your donations are brand new and unopened.

MEDLIFE Abbey Park is hosting a Halloween Movie Week fundraiser in the theatre at lunch from October 25th to October 29th to raise money for low-income communities in Latin America and Africa. Admission is free, and popcorn and other movie snacks will be available for purchase. Look around the school for posters with more information and scan the QR code to cast your vote for the movies by this Friday, October 22nd.

BELIEVE LEADERSHIP - The Believe Leadership Course will have Session 4 today in Room 208 as always!
The APHS Believe Leadership Course would like to promote our Passion Project, Mental Health Mission, with their workshop that aims to provide ways to learn about many aspects of mental health! Sign up before October 24th with the link bit.ly/3iPap0J! Check out their Instagram @mentalhealth_mission for more info!


MEDLIFE - Attention all Medlife members. The Grow the Movement meeting will be held virtually this Tuesday at 3pm. The link for the meeting will be posted on the classroom .

COFFEE HOUSE - The eagles nest will be open Monday and Wednesday this week. This will be your FINAL CHANCE to pay for coffee house tickets by cash before the day of the event. Remember that tickets are $3. We hope to see you there!

CHESS CLUB meets after school today in room 211- all levels are welcome and there will be a sign up today for those who want more competitive play.


FRIDAY OCTOBER 15 2021

EAGLE INK - There will be an Eagle Ink meeting today at 3:00 PM in the library for all members interested in editing or layout designing. See you there!


THURSDAY OCTOBER 14 2021

LINK CREW - Attention Link Crew Leaders!! We have a meeting tomorrow morning in the theatre at 7:28am. That's a Link Crew meeting tomorrow at 7:28am in the theatre. Don't miss it!!


SCHOOL CAFETERIA - GREAT NEWS EAGLES .... The School Cafeteria will be reopening on Monday October 18th at 8:00 am - See you then!

GAMING CLUB  is meeting today at lunch in room 225. Bring your own game, or play something that someone brought. New members are always welcome.

GIRLS ICE HOCKEY - The girls ice hockey meeting planned for today has been moved to LUNCH in room 217.

LIBRARY ART CONTEST - Calling all artists! Tomorrow is the last day to enter the library's art contest! Submissions are due by 3pm tomorrow. For full details talk to Ms. Gardecky or Ms. MacNeil in the library, or go to bit.ly/APHSLibrary.


WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 13 2021 

COFFEE HOUSE - -If you have not yet paid for coffee house, the eagles nest will be open this week Wednesday to Friday to collect payments in cash. As a reminder, tickets are $3 and you must fill out the form at bit.ly/aphscoffeehouse before paying. See you all there!

SR. FIELD HOCKEY - The Senior field hockey team beat CK 2-0 at Bronte Field yesterday for their third win of the season. The team plays Nelson tonight in a battle for first place in the league.

KRISPY KREME - Hey Eagles! HOSA will be having a Krispy Kreme donut fundraiser tomorrow, Thursday October 14th. Buy a dozen for $10 on cashless, or in-person, or buy one donut for a dollar on Thursday! Make sure to bring the exact change, we hope to see you there!

SCHOOL CAFETERIA - GREAT NEWS EAGLES .... The School Cafeteria will be reopening on Monday October 18th at 8:00 am - See you then!


TUESDAY OCTOBER 12 2021 

MATH LEAGUE - Tuesday October 12 at 3 pm is the first 2021-2022 Mathleague contest. Come to Portable 10.

IMPROV CLUB - Here ye here ye there will not be an improv meeting this week. See you next week

The APHS Believe Leadership Course members will meet this Friday in Room 208 at 3! See you then!

LIBRARY ART CONTEST - Calling all artists! This is the last week to enter the library's art contest! Submissions are due by 3pm on Friday October 15th. For full details talk to Ms. Gardecky or Ms. MacNeil in the library, or go to bit.ly/APHSLibrary.

GIRLS HOCKEY - Info meeting on Thursday October 14 at 2:45 in room 222.

DAY OF THE GIRL - Did you know yesterday was Day of the Girl? Come join young women in leadership today in the foyer at lunch to acknowledge and celebrate all the incredible things girls around the world have accomplished.

ADVANCED STRINGS PLAYERS - This is just a reminder that our first rehearsal is tomorrow morning at 7am in the music room. Please bring your instrument and music if you picked it up last week.

WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 6 2021


MEDLIFE - There will be a Medlife Marketing Committee meeting today at 11:15 in room 201.

FIELD HOCKEY - Both Abbey Park field hockey teams dominated MM Robinson to open the season, with each team posting a shutout victory. The seniors won 8-0 and the juniors won 5-0!

LEGAL EAGLES - Are you interested in law and want to participate in mock trials?   If so, join the Abbey Park Legal Eagles on Thursdays at 3 in room 203!    Google Classroom Code: 3zyxy4e


TUESDAY OCTOBER 5 2021


APHS Believe Leadership - Just a reminder, Session 3 of the APHS Believe Leadership Course will be moved to next Friday! See you all then!

PROGRAMMING CLUB - Do you want to learn to code? Well, you're in luck because the programming club is back! For anyone interested, you can get more info by scanning the QR code on any of the posters around the school, or by checking out the official APHS Instagram page. Be sure to look out for new posters starting this Thursday, as they'll have a new code linking to the registration form.

DIVERSITY IN OUR PAGES BOOK CLUB - Do you like reading books? Are you hoping to expand your reading to include more diverse authors? Then Diversity In Our Pages is for you! In this book club, we promote books by marginalized creators, and we encourage you to think about how an author’s privilege affects their stories. We meet every Tuesday at 3 in the Library.

APHS SPIRIT DAY - Abbey Park  is having a Spirit Day this Thursday! Remember to wear blue or white or school spirit wear that you have. We will be taking pictures in the foyer at the beginning of the 2nd period on Thursday. There will be a prize for the person who wears and shows the most school spirit! Bring on your school spirit!
#jointheeaglearmy
@aphs.spiritday1_


MONDAY OCTOBER 4 2021

Attention all artists! The library is running an art contest and want your art of Joe the Eagle! All submissions are due by October 15th at 3pm. Come to the library or visit the library website for full details! https://sites.google.com/hdsb.ca/aphs-library/home

STRINGS ENSEMBLE - Attention all ADVANCED string players of Abbey Park! All string players who are interested in playing in the Advanced Strings Ensemble are asked to come to our start-up meeting this Wed. morning, Oct. 6th, at 7:30am in the music room. No instruments are needed this week... this is ONLY a meeting. See Mr. Willms if you have any questions.

COFFEE HOUSE -  is back for this year! If you wish to attend, we will be selling tickets all week in the eagles nest (front foyer). Tickets are $3 and remember to attend, you have to fill out the form at bit.ly/aphscoffeehouse. See you all there!

ENGINEERING CLUB - Interested in engineering? Get started by joining the Engineering Club, where you'll be able to learn about cool engineering concepts while also competing in fun engineering activities! Join us on today's meeting at lunch in room 215 where you'll compete in a tinfoil boat challenge. Find the google classroom code on our posters throughout the school. See you there!   Google Classroom Code: k4rmrqj
Instagram Account: @engineeringclubaphs

MEDLIFE - This is a reminder for all Medlife members that there will be a meeting in the cafeteria from 3-4pm, where we will be hosting the live webinar for moving mountains.


ART CLUB - Classroom Code: ptnf64a
We often will split into groups with some students involved in a leadership focused task while others may be working individually or together on another task like our mural painting. Don't be shy but come early as we fill up often!


THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 30 2021 

GAMING CLUB -  is meeting today at the start of lunch in room 225. If you like video games, board games, or trading card games, stop by and join in on the fun.

EAGLE INK - will be having a meeting on Friday, 3:00 PM in the library. Please check our Google Classroom (code: 3vttqtw) for things to complete beforehand. See you there!


TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 28 2021

REACH - If you enjoy trivia then the Reach Team is for you. Junior and Senior Reach members meet every Tuesday and Thursday from 3:00 - 4:00 PM in Room 207. Hope to see you there!

CROSS COUNTRY - There will be a mandatory Cross Country Meeting at the beginning of lunch in room 210 this Thursday, September 30th.

MEDLIFE - This is a reminder that there will be a Medlife meeting at lunch starting at 11:30. Make sure to eat your lunch before the meeting. Check either the classroom or your emails to see which classroom number your committee is in . Additionally, there will be no meeting after school!


MONDAY SEPTEMBER 27 2021

ENVIRONMENTAL COUNCIL will have regular meeting every Thursday after school in room 213 and we are always accepting new members. Join the google classroom with the code 37w72yb.

FRENCH CLUB info meeting today in room 205

SAFETY & WELLBEING Are you wanting to make Abbey Park even better? Join parents, teachers, admin, and students to look at the Safety and Wellbeing of all students. We meet monthly on the third Tuesday of each month at 11 am in Rm 210. Join us either virtually or in person on Tuesday Sept. 28th for our first meeting. Here is the meeting link https://meet.google.com/hcq-gyhr-rit?hs=122&authuser=0 and we look forward to seeing you there!


FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 24 2021

ATHLETIC COUNCIL - All students are invited to join the Athletic Council which will have its first meeting on Thursday, September 30th in room 201 at 11 am (lunch). We will be discussing the upcoming athletic season and what we can do to support our athletic teams. Everyone is welcome!!

FRENCH CLUB - Interested in meeting new friends and practicing your French? There will be an information meeting at 10:50 in room 205 on Monday. See you there!


THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 23 2021

STUDENT SENATE - The Halton District School Board Student Senate is the primary student governance and representative organization which seeks to find issues in our school or policies, discuss ways to solve these issues and advocate for changes within our school board to meet the needs of all students.

All secondary schools are asked to nominate two students within the school to represent our school in these discussions. Meetings take place virtually (for semester one) on a monthly basis on Tuesday evenings. It is expected members of the student senate are students who are school leaders, connected to a broad range of students in our school community and can ensure the needs of all students are considered in these discussions.

If you have an interest in representing Abbey Park in the HDSB Student Senate, please access the nomination form on our school website under the tab ‘Student Corner’. Applications are required to be submitted by Monday October 4th at 4:00 pm.


GOLF TEAM - Would all members of the golf team please come and pick up a permission form, in the woodshop, at the beginning of lunch today.


IMPROV CLUB  - Here ye here ye the council has spoken if you wish to join the improv club come to the theatre this friday at 3pm. Bring your enthusiasm and craziest ideas. Thats this friday at 3:00 in the theatre for an improv club information meeting


WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 22 2021


TUTORING CLUB -  The tutoring club is looking for dedicated APHS students to be peer tutors for this year! Tutoring can be held in person or online, and this is a great opportunity to help out your fellow Eagles and earn volunteer hours at the same time! If you have any questions, please contact Mehreen Javed or Mr. Dick.   
You can sign up to be a tutor at  https://tinyurl.com/aphstutorsignup

DANCE TEAM - Hi dancers, the audition for the abbey park dance team will run Monday, September 27th at 3pm in the theatre, everyone is welcome, see you there!

ENGINEERING CLUB - Have you ever wanted to build a robot to improve humanity? Get started by joining the Engineering Club, where you'll be able to learn about cool engineering concepts while also competing in fun engineering activities like the egg drop contest! The first meeting is on Monday, September 27th at lunch in room 215. Find the google classroom code on our posters throughout the school. See you there!

FIELD HOCKEY  players: no practice on Wednesday September 22. Instead come to rooms 222 (Senior) and 213 (Junior) at 11am for concussion protocol.

EAGLITE COUNCIL - Are you interested in building equitable, inclusive and more positive spaces at Abbey Park, the Halton District School Board schools, and the community at large? If you answer yes to some or all of the above vision, then Egalite Council needs you!  

Our regularly scheduled weekly meetings will commence next Wednesday 22nd September, at 3 pm. We look forward to seeing everyone with lots of new ideas on how to build a stronger Egalite Council.

Both new and returning members are welcome. Remember to invite a friend to join us in our vision that Equity, inclusion, and social justice require ALL hands to be on deck. Each one bring one. See you on today @3pm in room 111 or you can use our:  Class code login: uv2lzsn

COFFEE HOUSE - Student Council  is excited to announce Coffee house, a new freshly brewed outdoor event coming to the nest on October 21st!  If you have a talent you want to show off at coffee house, we highly encourage you to submit an audition at bit.ly/coffeehouseperformance. We look forward to seeing your stellar auditions!

GAMING CLUB will be meeting this Thursday at the start of lunch in room 225. New members welcome. See you there.



TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 21 2021

DEBATE TEAM Registration for the Debate Team is still open! Even if you missed our info session, you can still get in if you fill out the registration form by the end of this Saturday, September 25th. More information at bit.ly/aphsdebateinfo!

DECA - Hey Eagles! Are you interested in learning about business, meeting new people, and competing in business competitions? Join Abbey Park DECA! Our first meeting will be September 29th at 3pm in the theatre. We hope to see you there! Join our Google Classroom with the code s2xkafa for more info.


MONDAY SEPTEMBER 20 2021

This is a reminder for all MEDLIFE members that there will be a meeting at 3pm on Tuesday in the cafeteria.

HOSA - Are you interested in medicine, health, or science? Do you want the opportunity to compete on a national and international level? Well Abbey Park HOSA is back, and better than ever! We will be having an introductory meeting on Monday, September 27th at 3 PM to kick off the year. Join the Google Classroom with the code: rzkso2b and follow @aphshosa on instagram for more information. See you there!

ART CLUB - The real physical in person fabulous art club is back Wednesday from 3 to 4. See you Wednesday art peeps!

CHESS CLUB - meets after school today in room 211. Drop in if you want to play some chess!

FOOTBALL PRACTICE - Today's football practice will be held at lunch! Helmets and shoulder pads on the field at 11:00!

FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 17 2021

Hi Abbey Park. Just a reminder to be careful on your bikes/skateboards going to and from school as well as ensuring that you are respectful of cars during the lunch break (i.e. throwing balls close to the cars). Also, please remember to mask and sanitize each day on your way in. Great work with the fire drill. Please try and social distance on your way out and in. Thanks for helping us with this!

EGALITE - Good Morning Eagles! Are you interested in building equitable, inclusive and more positive spaces at Abbey Park, the Halton District School Board schools, and the community at large? If you answer yes to some or all of the above vision, then the Egalite Council needs you!  Our regularly scheduled weekly meetings will commence next Wednesday 22nd September, at 3 pm. We look forward to seeing everyone with lots of new ideas on how to build a stronger Egalite Council.

Both new and returning members are welcome. Remember to invite a friend to join us in our vision that Equity, inclusion, and social justice require ALL hands to be on deck. Each one bring one. See you on Wednesday @3pm.
Class code: uv2lzsn   Contact Mrs. Yomi-Odedeyi in room 111 for further information.

SAFETY & WELLNESS - Are you wanting to make Abbey Park even better? Join parents, teachers, admin, and students to look at the Safety and Wellbeing of all students. We meet monthly on the third Tuesday of each month at 11 am in Rm 210. Join us either virtually or in person on Tuesday Sept. 28th for our first meeting. Here is the meeting link https://meet.google.com/hcq-gyhr-rit?hs=122&authuser=0 and we look forward to seeing you there!


THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 16 2021

THE ABBEY PARK DANCE TEAM will have aN information meeting on Monday September 20th in the theater at 2 45 pm. Everyone is welcome and we look forward to seeing you there!

ATTENTION LINK CREW LEADERS We have an important meeting tomorrow (Friday September 16) in the theatre at 7:28am. That's a link leader meeting tomorrow morning. See you then!

THE DEBATE TEAM  is back! If you’re interested in broadening your knowledge, bolstering post-secondary applications, and developing skills in speaking, research, and critical thinking, then be sure to check out our info session next Monday in room 201. There will also be a virtual info session! For more information, visit bit.ly/aphsdebateinfo.

MATH - Do you like Math? Do you want to challenge yourself with fun Math questions? Do you want to excel at math contests? Look no further! Math Society is Back! Meetings are on Thursdays after school in room 220, starting on September 23rd. See you there!

MATH CONTESTS Are you interested in writing any of the math contests offered this year? If so please join the Math Society's google classroom with code: QVWYLM5. All information about math contests will be shared here. Ask Ms. Podio if you have any further questions.


WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 15 2021

SR BOYS VOLLEYBALL - There will be a meeting for those interested in playing senior boys volleyball at 11:00 on Thursday in room 222. If you cannot make it please see Mr. Van Klooster in room 222.

MODEL UNITED NATIONS - Hey Eagles! Are you interested in current affairs, debate, and diplomacy? Look no further, because Abbey Park Model United Nations is now accepting new members. To apply, fill out the application form at tinyurl.com/aphsmun2022 by October 1st. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to Aiden Rohacek.


TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 14 2021

DIPLOMAT'S SOCIETY - Do you ever want to just absolutely crush your opponents in political discourse? Join Diplomats’ Society - a non-formatted open-forum discussion club on politics and world issues. Improve your speaking skills, learn about world politics, and be informed about current events. Meetings are every Tuesday in room 203, starting the 21st, with new topics every week. See you then!

EAGLE INK - If you are interested in writing and editing articles, or activities such as layout designing, photography and art, check out Abbey Park's own school magazine, Eagle Ink! Our first introductory meeting will be held this Friday the 17th, at 3:00 PM in Portable 7. See you there!

CHESS CLUB - Do you want to play chess or go? Chess club meets Wednesday's from 11:30-12 and Monday's after school in room 211. Eat your lunch first, then come to play.

GAMING CLUB - Do you like video games, board games, or trading card games?  Gaming Club is meeting this Wednesday, September 15th in room 225. See you there.

MONDAY SEPTEMBER 13 2021

Attention field hockey players: Practice today after school is canceled. Our next practice is 11am tomorrow. Thank you!

ART CLUB - An information meeting about the art club is being held in the art room on Wednesday after school. Wed at 3pm art club meeting in the art room!

JR BOYS VOLLEYBALL - This is a reminder that junior boys tryouts are every day after school in the main gym from 3pm to 4:30 pm. You must have a signed medical form in order to participate. See everyone tonight!!


FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 10 2021

YOUNG WOMEN IN LEADERSHIP will begin running next Tuesday (the 14th) at 7:20am in room 204! Come to get information on how the club will be running this year!

MEDLIFE - Are you interested in supporting humanitarian work, going on a Service Learning Trip to Peru, receiving volunteer hours, obtaining professional fundraising experience, and earning an official Certificate of Achievements? If yes to any, MEDLIFE is the perfect club for you. Join our google classroom with the code D4HME3S and follow us on Instagram at @medlife_aphs today! Our first introductory meeting will be on Tuesday, September 14th from 3-4pm in The Hub (Room 107)! Looking forward to seeing you there!

WEIGHT ROOM - Hey eagles, the weight room will soon be open for the Abbey Park Fitness Club. There will be a meeting held in the gymnasium on Tuesday September 14th at 10:50 am. The club will run during lunch time each day and further details will be provided at the meeting. All grades are welcome, we look forward to seeing you there!

SMILE COOKIES are back from Sept 13 - 19.  Why not treat yourself to a Smile cookie from Tim Horton's? All proceeds from cookie sales this week go directly to supporting food4kidshalton. Such an easy way to support children in our community!

THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 9 2021

APHS BELIEVE LEADERSHIP CHAPTER - Are you looking to become a leader? Would you like to grow yourself as an individual in a short period of time, create a project to help your community, meet similar-minded individuals AND get volunteer hours for it? Well, look no further! The Believe Leadership Course is a virtual 8-week leadership course that will teach you core principles needed to become a leader, such as confidence, resilience, discipline and leadership, all while building your own Passion Project!    Join our Google Classroom with the code (zvetldd)

Follow us on instagram at believeleadershipaphs for more info. And come for our info session on Wednesday, September 15 from 3:30-4:00pm with the link: [bit.ly/aphsblccall21]. OR And come for our second info session on Monday, September 20th from 3:30-4:00pm with the link: [bit.ly/aphsblccall21].

Do you like JEOPARDY! Do you like Trivia games? Well the Intermediate REACH for the Top Team might be a great extracurricular for you. This team trains together weekly and competes with other schools in a fast-paced and exciting competition that features curriculum related questions. This team is for grade 9 and 10 students. Our first information meeting will be held on Tuesday September 21 in room 207 at 3pm.


WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 8 2021

CROSS COUNTRY - There will be a mandatory sign up meeting this Thursday, September 9th directly after school in the cafeteria for all students interested in participating in the Abbey Park Cross Country Team. All are welcome and I look forward to seeing you there!     Mr. Leonard: leonardje@hdsb.ca

The Glen Abbey Library is open for student use daily from 11:30 am except Mondays, with Covid restrictions in place such as social distancing and only members of the same household can sit at a table together.

GOLF TEAM - If you are interested in being on the APHS Golf Team, please come to an information session on Thursday right at the beginning of lunch in the woodshop. That's APHS Golf Team information session on Thursday right at the beginning of lunch, in the woodshop.

THE BREAKFAST CART IS BACK - Halton Food for Thought provide a selection of individually wrapped breakfast and snack items to ensure 'No Student goes hungry at school' - This is FREE for everyone and the carts are located in the Main foyer and the Phys Ed hallway every morning between 8:00 am and 8:20 am.

TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 7 2021

FOOTBALL - For any student interested in playing football this year, there will be an important meeting at 10:45 on the bleachers of the field on both Tuesday and Wednesday this week! It will be quick but it's important that anyone interested is there.

JR. BOYS VOLLEYBALL - Attention all grade 9 and 10 boys interested in trying out for the junior boys volleyball team. There will be a sign up meeting on Thursday, September 9th in the gymnasium at the beginning of lunch at 10:45 am. If you are interested please show up in the gym to sign a sheet indicating your interest and pick up a medical form which must be filled out and signed in order to come to the first tryout which will be Friday, September 10 after school in the gym. If you don't make it to the meeting, please see Ms. Holmberg in the phys-ed office for the information needed. See you Thursday at lunch!!

FIELD HOCKEY - Attention athletes! Anyone who is interested in playing Field Hockey for Abbey Park this year is invited to a meeting today (Tuesday September 7), in room 213 at 11am. That's any students, Grade 9 through 12, who are interested in playing field hockey, please come to a meeting today at 11 am in room 213. If you have to miss the meeting, please contact Ms. Grzesik, Mr. Dick, Mr. Lin or Ms. Kelly.


TUESDAY 18 MAY 2021

APHS running club has started back up again for the rest of the quadmester -  The google classroom code is: vms6jax.  All information will be posted about runs/google meet times. 


FRIDAY 10 MAY 2021

Hey Eagles! On Thursday, May 13 from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm, Abbey Park will be hosting our second annual official TEDx event! Featuring a variety of speakers from high schools across Halton and Peel (some from our own Eagle family), the conference can be viewed at https://tinyurl.com/tedxyouthabbeyparkhs2021. Hope to see you all there! 


THURSDAY 1 APRIL 2021

Hey eagles! Thursday April 8 is the energy conservation day of this year's Earth Week. We hope that each class turns off some of their lights and we encourage students to continue these efforts at home. We ask that you all try your best to limit your energy consumption by walking or biking rather than getting a ride, going social media free for the day, or trying entertainment forms such as reading, puzzles, colouring or board games.


WEDNESDAY 31 MARCH 2021

If you have registered for the Fryer, Galois, Hypatia or Euclid Math Contests next week, please be sure to read the instructions on the Math Society's Google Classroom and pick up the contests papers from Ms. Podio ASAP. These papers MUST be picked up before contest day.


MONDAY 29 MARCH 2021

In light of recent attacks, we want to make it clear that all of us at VSS and APHS stand in solidarity with all those impacted by racism of any kind. We do not condone this behaviour and have zero tolerance for it in our classrooms. If you are a racialized individual, or an ally that would like to learn more about and stand up against racism, join our Google Classroom! This is a safe space to share your experiences and work towards building a more inclusive school community.


FRIDAY 26 MARCH 2021

Hey Eagles!! Are you interested in making new friends in a safe space? Join the Abbey Park GSA! We welcome people of all genders and sexualities and we’re always looking for new faces! Join our classroom with the code HOMFSEK or email Mrs. Pietryszyn. You can also follow us at Instagram @aphspride for more information!!


FRIDAY 19 MARCH 2021

Attention Grade 12 Chemistry Students! If you would like to participate in Chemistry Contests that are being offered this spring, please email Ms. Kelly by Tuesday March 23. That's any Grade 12 Chemistry Students who would like to participate in Chemistry Contests, please contact Ms. Kelly. Thank you!


TUESDAY 16 MARCH 2021

Abbey Park's Yearbook Club is looking for members! If you'd like to help create this year's yearbook, please join the Google Classroom via the following code: xncmevy


FRIDAY 12 MARCH 2021

It's almost spring and we all need to have some fun! Starting next week we will be having spirit days to get us in the spring mood!

Monday the 15th is Bee Dazzle Day - Wear your crowns, jewels or bee dazzle yourself!

Tuesday the 16th is Awesome Hat Day - Let's see what you can come up with

Wednesday the 17th is St. Patrick's Day - Wear green and show off your love of the Irish

Thursday the 18th is APHS Spirit Day - Wear your school gear or colours

Friday the 19th is Spring Break Beach Day - Wear your spring/summer clothes and accessorize!


THURSDAY 11 MARCH 2021

If you like arts, or if you want to take some time to just chill out in this fast-paced learning environment, you’ll definitely want to check out the art club. This month, art club is on a super relaxed and fun theme, including activities such as pictionary and drawing memes! Please enter our google classroom with the code ‘ptnf64a’ or follow our instagram @aphs_artclub. Join our meeting on Tuesday March 16th at 3:30PM, and we will see you there.


MONDAY 8 MARCH 2021

Hey Eagles, The Fall / Winter edition of Eagle Ink is here - please check the Abbey Park website under Student News Corner to check it out - Congratulations to the Eagle Ink crew and Ms Donaldson for producing a fantastic and interesting read.


TUESDAY 23 FEBRUARY 2021


Hey Eagles! What are your plans this spring break? From April 12th to 17th, MEDLIFE is running a week-long virtual service learning trip. This program is open to ALL students who attend Abbey Park, both in-person and VSS. For more information, attend our VSLT info night on March 1st at 7 PM or on March 3rd at 7 PM. That's March 1st at 7 PM or March 3rd at 7 PM. Spots are limited! Check out our instagram @medlife_aphs for more details.

Link to meeting: https://meet.google.com/uez-vxed-xqe
Sign up form: https://forms.gle/F6TeYBXQ2xGK7Yn49



MONDAY 22 FEBRUARY 2021

This year, Pink Shirt Day, or Anti-Bullying Day, is on February 24.

Pink Shirt day is a day when everyone can come together by wearing pink shirts to show they are against bullying.

Pink Shirt Day started In 2007 in Nova Scotia, Grade 12 students David Shepherd, Travis Price and a few friends saw that a Grade 9 student was being bullied for wearing a pink shirt on the first day of school.They knew they had to do something to show that this kind of behaviour was not OK.  They decided to go out and buy a bunch of pink shirts and hand them out to other students to wear. By the end of that week, most of the students in the school were wearing pink shirts to show support for the Grade 9 student who was bullied.

Abbey Park we challenge you to:
Proudly wear your pink shirts to show that you stand up against bullying!
If you see someone being bullied or you're being bullied, talk to a trusted friend, teacher, adult in your life about it.
When someone is being bullied, in person or online, stand up for them so that they know that they don't deserve to be bullied.
Don't encourage bullying by participating in bullying behaviour.


Hey Eagles! TedXYouth at Abbey Park High School is now looking for new speakers and students to help organize the virtual conference! We are looking for individuals who can speak to this year’s theme: solutions made for the 21st century. If you have an idea for a talk you’d like to deliver, fill out the application form at http://tinyurl.com/TedXYouthAbbeyParkHS by February 28th. We can’t wait to read your ideas! If you have any questions or are interested in being a part of the organizing committee, reach out to Miya Takahashi at 1takahashimi@hdsb.ca


Good morning Eagles, I am here to inform you that our Culture Appreciation Club is welcoming any of you to join! Let’s enjoy the environment where we can be comfortable to share our cultures in many different ways. Our meeting starts at 3 pm on every Thursday. Hope to see you there.



WEDNESDAY 17 FEBRUARY 2021

Yearbook - Want to have a say in what's included in this year's yearbook? Fill out the survey by going to: http://bit.ly/APHSYearbook2021


TUESDAY 9 FEBRUARY 2021

Attention 2021 Grads - Grad photos are starting on Tuesday Feb 16th - check your emails for information and book your sitting online as soon as possible


Saving the environment is a hard thing to do. But if we all work together, we can make a difference. Join our Environmental Council in participating in National Sweater Day on February 10th for Cohort A and February 12th for Cohort B. Teachers please turn down the temperature in your classrooms by 2 degrees on these days to help save our planet.


FRIDAY 5 FEBRUARY 2021

Welcome back Students - This is a reminder to all students who have outstanding textbooks or resources from quadmester two to please return them as soon as possible - Please leave them in the blue bins provided in the main foyer.

FRIDAY 29 JANUARY 2021

Student Trustee Election process - click here for more information - Application deadline is February 12th 2021.

THURSDAY 28 JANUARY 2021

APHS school spiritwear is here - Click this link to place an order - Deadline for orders is February 10th 2021.

WEDNESDAY 6 JANUARY 2021

WORLD RELIGION DAY - Jan 17 2021:    Are you interested in sharing more about your culture and educating others?     If so, help contribute to our World Religion Day Virtual Bulletin Board by completing this form no later than Wednesday, January 13 at midnight.    Your submission should be 50 words or less. 

MONDAY JANUARY 4 2021

MEDLIFE Abbey Park is accepting new members for the second semester. If you are interested, show up to their info session on January 5th and January 12th, from 3-4 PM. You must attend either ONE of these info sessions in order to be eligible for member registration. We hope to see you there! Link to join: https://meet.google.com/gyk-hdxv-xhc

FRIDAY DECEMBER 18 2020

Environmental Council's Colouring Contest is now complete! We are pleased to announce that Fiona Lay finished in first place and Rachel Aldoroty finished second. Congratulations to our winners and thank you very much for everyone's participation.

WEDNESDAY 16 DECEMBER 2020

Last Thursday, all members of Abbey Park MEDLIFE gathered to participate in the seasonal fundraising campaign. The fundraiser was organized in support of MEDLIFE partner communities in South America who were no longer able to afford food due to job losses resulted from pandemic related lockdowns. In less than a week, MEDLIFE APHS was able to raise over $8600 USD, making them the top fundraising chapter in the world. Congratulations! MEDLIFE Abbey Park is a tight-knit group of students passionate about volunteerism and humanitarianism. They will be accepting new members in January. Please stay tuned on their Instagram page for more info. Go eagles!

TUESDAY 15 DECEMBER 2020

It is anticipated that all HDSB secondary schools will be open on January 4th, after the holiday break. In the event that public health or the province makes a decision contrary to this plan, all students are reminded to please bring all instructional materials home from school prior to the break. Also, please remember to check the board website for ongoing updates in the weeks ahead. Enjoy a wonderful holiday break everyone!


MONDAY 14 DECEMBER 2020

Good Morning Eagles: In the spirit of equity, inclusion, and a positive school climate, Egalite Council is looking for staff and students to help create a video series, written and spoken words, to celebrate  Winterfest 2020!  We will like you to share your family's holiday traditions and what they mean to you. If you are interested : 

Check our Google Classroom Class code
uv2lzsn to download the form.

Egalite Council'  classroom code can also be found on Abbey Park school's website and  Twitter page's clubs' section: 

The Submission Deadline is  Today Monday, December 14th, 2020


WEDNESDAY 9 DECEMBER 2020

Last Thursday, all members of Abbey Park MEDLIFE gathered to participate in the seasonal fundraising campaign. The fundraiser was organized in support of MEDLIFE partner communities in South America who were no longer able to afford food due to job losses resulted from pandemic related lockdowns. In less than a week, MEDLIFE APHS was able to raise over $8300 USD, making them the top fundraising chapter in the world. Congratulations! MEDLIFE Abbey Park is a tight-knit group of students passionate about volunteerism and humanitarianism. They will be accepting new members in January. Please stay tuned on their Instagram page for more info. Go eagles!


MONDAY 7 DECEMBER 2020

Good Morning Eagles: In the spirit of equity, inclusion, and a positive school climate, Egalite Council is looking for staff and students to help create a video series, written and spoken words, to celebrate  Winterfest 2020!  We will like you to share your family's holiday traditions and what they mean to you. If you are interested : 

Check our Google Classroom Class code uv2lzsn to download the form.

Egalite Council'  classroom code can also be found on Abbey Park school's website and  Twitter page's clubs' section: 

The Submission Deadline is  Monday, December 14th, 2020  -   Lets share 

FRIDAY 4 DECEMBER 2020

Hey Eagles.. Could anyone else use a little Spirit as we head closer to our Winter Break?!?! How about a few Spirit Days to get our energy up and ready for that break! It doesn't matter if you are in school or at home, we would love for you to participate!!
December 9th: Wear your favorite Jersey Day
December 11th APHS Colours and Spirit Wear Day
December 15th PJ Day
December 17th: Holiday Hat, headband, sweater, socks, Green & Red Day
December 18th: Plaid Day

THURSDAY 3 DECEMBER 2020

Do you have a special talent that you would like to share? Well then this announcement is for you! Abbey's very own talent show will be on Thursday December 17. Please create a submission video and send it to Ms McGhee by December 14 @ 11:59 to be considered. Follow @aphstalentshow on instagram to keep up with the latest information. Good Luck to everybody participating!

WEDNESDAY 2 DECEMBER 2020

Attention all grade 10's A FUTURE that FITS is coming your way on Thursday December 3rd. By now the pre-activity has been done in one of your grade 10 classes and now on to the big event. Remember you could be the winner of a mini ipad, beat headphones or bluetooth speakers. Here's to finding the right path for you.

TUESDAY 1 DECEMBER 2020

Attention all MEDLIFE members. Today is the Moving Mountains webinar day. The meeting will be after school today from 3 - 4 PM. The link to join is in your email. This is the most important meeting of the ENTIRE SEMESTER. Please make sure to be there on time. See you soon!

The Environmental Council has organized a colouring contest! Print out, colour and submit your entry for a chance to symbolically adopt an endangered species. First place chooses the endangered animal and second place gets to name it! For more information please see the posters around the school or talk to Ms. Kelly.
Please submit your entries by Tuesday December 15.


MONDAY 30 NOVEMBER 2020

Hello grade 12's. Tomorrow we will have our weekly google meet at new. Check out the classroom for details. Have a great day.

Are you a fast thinker? Do you want to earn prizes? Math Society is hosting a speed math tournament this Thursday at 3pm. It does not require high level math skills but only a quick wit and fast calculation to win the amazing prizes. Join our google classroom to sign up. The code is qvwylm5. The code can also be found outside the math office. Come and win the prizes!

TUESDAY 24 NOVEMBER 2020

Attention Grade 10's. This week you are going to be preparing for a Future that Fits which is happening on December 3, 2020 So many pathways for you to research. You will also get the opportunity to win an Ipad mini, Beats headphones and bluetooth speakers. Stay tuned for more information about this epic event

MONDAY 23 NOVEMBER 2020 

Attention Grade 9s! This Thursday during your afternoon virtual class, your amazing link leaders have planned an event! Look for an email from your link leader for details.

WEDNESDAY 18 NOVEMBER 2020

Gaming Club  The Abbey Park Gaming Club is meeting for the first today after school via Google Meet at 3:30PM. You can join by entering the Google Classroom Code: ug6nqd2 or heading to bit.ly/APHSGaming. If you're into Video Games, Board Games, or Trading Card Games, we'd love to see you there.

Safety & Wellbeing  Interested in making a positive change to the school? Then why not attend the virtual Safety and Wellbeing meeting on Monday, November 23rd at 11:30 am? Everyone is welcome. Please see Mrs. Parker in the Office for the link.

TUESDAY 17 NOVEMBER 2020

Textbooks  With Quadmester 1 complete, it is time to return your textbooks and other borrowed items. Please bring them into the school as soon as you can and leave them in the appropriate blue bin in the front foyer. Thank you!

MONDAY 16 NOVEMBER 2020

Math League  Tuesday November 17 at 3 PM is our second Math League Contest. You will access the contest from the Google Classroom. If you have not registered yet go to code klf7ofj to sign in.

Art Club If you like arts, or if you want to take some time to just chill out in this fast-paced learning environment, you’ll definitely want to check out the art club. With amazing topics every month, the art club this year will be more exciting than ever. Join our first meeting this quadmester on Tuesday November 17th. Please enter with the google classroom code ‘ptnf64a’ or follow our instagram @aphs_artclub, and we will see you there. 


WEDNESDAY 11 NOVEMBER 2020

Study Space  Looking for another location to study? The Glen Abbey Rec Centre has a Youth Study Hall with computers and wifi on Wednesdays and Thursdays. Please see the school website or come to the office for details on how to book your spot.

TUESDAY 10 NOVEMBER 2020

Gaming Club  Are you interested in Video Games, Board Games, or Trading Card Games? If so, the Abbey Park Gaming Club would love to have you as a member! We'll be meeting virtually every Wednesday, starting in Quad 2, from 3:30 - 4:30 PM. Our Google Classroom Code is ug6nqd2.

Yearbook PIckup If you ordered a 2019/2020 yearbook, you can pick it up today and Wednesday in the Main Foyer after these Announcements. Please remember to be socially distant. Thank you.

Quad 2 Timetable All students are to check their G Drive Shared Folder later today for their updated Quad 2 timetable.

MONDAY 9 NOVEMBER 2020

Remembrance Indigineous Veterans Day Abbey Park High School is an inclusive school community and although Remembrance Day Celebrations are often only recognized on November 11th, this day has traditionally not recognized and commemorated the many contributions of Indigenous veterans in the First and Second World Wars, as well as the Korean Wars. Although we will be celebrating Remembrance Day on November 11th, we also wish to acknowledge November 8th, yesterday, which is National Aboriginal Veterans Day.

Over 12,000 Indigenous people are estimated to have volunteered in all three wars, including 7,000 First Nations members, and approximately 300 died during these conflicts.

First Nations, Inuit and Metis people were not eligible for conscription because they were not citizens of Canada (they were also unable to vote), but many volunteered despite the challenges they faced, including traveling long distances from remote communities to enlist, learning a new language (English), and coping with racism against them. Indigenous people were not allowed to join the Canadian Air Force until 1942 and the Canadian Navy until 1943. Both men and women enlisted, serving as soldiers, nurses and in other roles. Many served with distinction, winning medals for bravery in action.

Today as a community we would like to express our gratitude for the contributions Indigenous Veterans have made to Canada and the world.

Please Stand to observe a moment of silence Moment of silence 

TUESDAY 3 NOVEMBER 2020

Link Crew Are you a Grade 10, 11 or 12 student who is new to APHS? We are so glad you are now part of our community! Look for emails in your HDSB account for academic support with the final 30% and a chance to make some connections at Abbey Park. Welcome to the nest!

Medlife Attention all MEDLIFE members. There will be a general body meeting today after school. Please make sure to check Google classroom for other details and the meet link for today. See you there!


THURSDAY 29 OCTOBER 2020

Link Crew Academic Support Hey Grade 9s! Feeling nervous about the end of the quadmester? Unsure of how to prepare for the final 30%? Well don't worry, our amazing Link Crew has you covered! We are offering academic support, “Lunch and Learn” sessions November 2 to 6 in a variety of subject areas. Check your HDSB email for details!

Eagle Ink Abbey Park's very own school magazine Eagle Ink has officially published its 2020 Issue. Many passionate and dedicated students have worked on this issue to shed light on a variety of compelling topics. Hopefully, you can enjoy reading this issue and that it will serve as a break from the ongoing pandemic. Please follow us on Instagram @aphseagleink for daily updates about the club and upcoming issues! 

Eagle Ink 2020 Issue

FRIDAY 23 OCTOBER 2020

Grade 12’s Ms Barran will be holding another google meet for grade 12's applying to University and College today at noon. The Link is on the classroom.

Full Disclosure All students taking grade 11 and 12 courses this Quadmester, Tuesday, October 27th is the last day to drop a course so that it will not show on your permanent record. Please email your Guidance Counsellor to drop the course. A listing of Guidance Counsellors and their emails are listed on the Student Services door.

WEDNESDAY 21 OCTOBER 2020

Student Senate  We are delighted to announce that Vineeth Jarabana and Amber Lee are the Abbey Park High School representatives for the HDSB Student Senate this year!

Thank you to the many, many students who applied to these positions. We had an unprecedented number of applicants and the calibre of the applicants was outstanding. Vineeth and Amber are Grade 12 students who bring a broad range of leadership experiences to this position given the number of activities and co-curricular activities they have been involved in throughout their years of high school. Congratulations Vineeth and Amber! We look forward to you representing Abbey Park High School throughout the year and your continued leadership in our school community.

TUESDAY 20 OCTOBER 2020

Math League Today at 3PM it is the first Math League contest of the year. Sign into Google classroom and Ms. Aleksandra will email you the link. Classroom code is KLF7OFJ  

MONDAY 19 OCTOBER 2020

Engineering Career Night Interested in a career in Engineering? Then come to our Google Meet on October 22nd to hear Engineers speak about their careers and STEM journey. Please visit the Main Office for a link to more information.

FRIDAY 16 OCTOBER 2020

YMCA Ambassadors Program. The YMCA is recruiting for their High School Ambassadors program.  If you are looking for a leadership opportunity aimed at fostering service learning, strategic thinking and resiliency, then please stop by the office for an application.  The deadline is October 19th.

Safety & Well Being Committee If you are interested in making a difference in your school, please join our committee of fellow students, parents, teachers, and Admin. on Monday, October 26th at 11:30 am.  Google Meet code is Safety. 

TUESDAY 14 OCTOBER 2020

French Club Bonjour ! The Abbey Park French Club is so excited to announce it will be held online this year for all students. Anyone is free to join if you are needing help in French, seeking more practice or just wanting to have fun. Our student-leaders, along with Mr. Landry, will be available to assist you with any French help and to offer breakout discussion groups for those wanting to improve their oral communication skills. Fun events such as games and watching French movies will also be available to anyone wanting to participate. Meetings are every Monday at 3 p.m. on Google Meet starting October 19th. Join our Google Classroom if you have not already, using the code 3L5y4sk and follow us on Instagram @aphsfrenchclub to stay updated. Can’t wait to see you there!

MEDLIFE Attention all MEDLIFE members. This is a reminder to get all your committee forms turned in by tonight. There will be a brief meeting today at 3. Please join using the link in google classroom. See you there!

FRIDAY 8 OCTOBER 2020

Math League This year Math League Contests will be given at home and the first one is on  October 22 at 3PM. If you want to participate please sign into Google Classroom  KLF7OFJ and Ms. Aleksandra will email you a link. 

WEDNESDAY 7 OCTOBER, 2020

Abbey Park Model MUN Hey Eagles! Abbey Park Model United Nations is now accepting new members. To apply, fill out the application form at tinyurl.com/abbeyparkmun by October 16th. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to Alisha Ahmed at 1ahmedali@hdsb.ca 

TUESDAY 6 OCTOBER, 2020
Student Senate The Halton District School Board Student Senate is the primary student governance and representative organization which seeks to find issues in our schools or policies, discuss ways to solve these issues and advocate for changes within our school board to meet the needs of all students.

All secondary schools are asked to nominate two students within the school to represent our school in these discussions. Meetings take place virtually, on a monthly basis on Tuesday evenings. It is expected members of the student senate are students who are school leaders, connected to a broad range of students in our school community and can ensure the needs of all students are considered in these discussions.

If you have an interest in representing APHS in the HDSB Student Senate please email our School Principal, Tara Connor for an application form. Application forms are required to be submitted by Friday, October 16th at 4pm.

MEDLIFE Attention all MEDLIFE members. There will be a general body meeting, today at 3 PM. The link to join is in the google classroom. See you all soon!

FRIDAY OCTOBER 2, 2020
Art Club If you like arts, or if you want to take some time to just chill out in this fast-paced learning environment, you’ll definitely want to check out the art club. With amazing topics every month, the art club this year will be more exciting than ever. If you are curious about how the art club is taking moves to adapt online, join us on Tuesday October 6th. Please enter with the google classroom code ‘ptnf64a’ or follow our instagram @aphs_artclub, and we will see you there.

Grade 12’s Attention all Grade 12's. Please join the google classroom that you were invited to last week. There is lots of great information you will need for graduation and being informed of deadlines, scholarships, virtual tours of college and universities etc. The class code is ugbdgix.


WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 30, 2020
Orange Shirt Day (September 30th) is a day when we honour the Indigenous children who were sent away to residential schools in Canada and learn more about the history of those schools. Orange Shirt Day began in Williams Lake in 2013 and has since spread to schools across B.C. and Canada. 

Why is September 30th a special date?
September 30th falls during the time of year when Indigenous children were taken away to residential school.

The “orange shirt” in Orange Shirt Day refers to the new shirt that Phyllis Webstad was given to her by her grandmother for her first day of school at St. Joseph’s Mission residential school in British Columbia. When Phyllis got to school, they took away her clothes from home, including her new shirt. It was never returned. 

On September 30th Abbey Park Students and Staff are encouraged to wear an orange shirt in honour of all of the Indigenous children who attended residential school and the families that continue to feel the effects of this terrible time in Canadian  history. 

TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 29, 2020
Environmental Council - Do you love the outdoors?  Are you passionate about the environment? Then join The Environmental Council.  We are running virtually this year!  Join our first Google Meet this Thursday October 1 at 3pm.  Join the Google Classroom using the code: 37w72yb.  That's the Environmental Council Classroom code: 37w72yb

MedLife - This is a reminder for all students interested in joining MEDLIFE for the 2020-2021  school year. All forms and fees and due tonight by 11:59PM. Make sure to get them all in! We'll see you next Tuesday for our general body meeting. 


MONDAY SEPTEMBER 28, 2020
Reach for the Top - Hey Abbey Park! Do you love learning new things? Do you want to see how your knowledge stacks up against your friends or compete against other schools? If so, consider joining Abbey Park's Reach for the Top team. Reach is a quiz competition for high schoolers across Canada that tests students' knowledge of academics and pop culture. We will be having a virtual information meeting for interested students after school on Thursday, October 1st. To find out more, please join our Google Classroom with the code uopm6hp. Or, go to bit.ly/apreach (all lowercase). Once again, the Google Classroom code is uopm6hp, or go to bit.ly/apreach (all lowercase). Hope to see you there!



                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
